Hello,

welcome to the Accessible Platform Architectures Working Group!

This is a short-introduction email to provide a little information and
quite a few links.  

You should have received the same automated email I did, which includes a
link to the charter. That’s the work we have in scope at the moment.

The main page of the wiki also lists the main links to our work areas, a
very useful bookmark:
  https://www.w3.org/WAI/APA/wiki/Main_Page

You should also start receiving emails from the APA WG list, which varies,
but can have quite a lot of traffic – I advise setting up a folder that it
gets filtered into (email address is: public-apa@w3.org).

The key emails to keep an eye out for are the weekly agenda emails, the
subject lines are in a standard format: AGENDA - APA WEEKLY Teleconference [Date]

You can view all the archive emails at:
  https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-apa/

Are you joining primarily for a task force? If so, please let us know which
task force(s) you wish to join.

If not, the meeting info page for the main working group (a useful
bookmark) is: https://www.w3.org/2017/08/telecon-info_apa

Note that we use IRC quite heavily during meetings (e.g. to share links and
make notes which turn into minutes), that can be accessed at:
  http://irc.w3.org/

With your ‘nickname’, and channel: #apa (including the hash symbol). A brief
introduction to IRC is at:
  https://www.w3.org/wiki/IRC

Other links can be found from the overview page:
  https://www.w3.org/WAI/APA/

(It is a relatively new website, but you’ll end up on the old website pages
for some of the links)

If and when you do join a call, it is customary for new members of the
group to give a quick introduction. E.g. “I’m [name], I work for [company]
doing [role], and I’m joining because I’m interested in…”  Put a comment in
IRC at the start to let the chair know you are in the meeting and wish to
introduce yourself.

If you need accessibility accommodations to participate in the work, please
let us know, with enough lead time to implement them.

Please take a few minutes to browse and bookmark this information:
  https://w3c.github.io/Guide/participant/group.html?gid=83907

All participants are required to follow the W3C Code of Ethics and 
Professional Conduct:
  https://www.w3.org/Consortium/cepc/
  
If you are joining as an Invited Expert, note that your status depends on 
ongoing active participation in the group. If you become inactive for 
6 months or more, your Invited Expert status may not be extended. 

Should you have any questions on how to get up to speed with the
Group, please get in touch with the chairs and staff contacts by email to
  group-apa-chairs@w3.org.

Kind regards,

Accessible Platform Architectures Working Group chairs